# Test Competitors Reviews
        ## Highest rating Reviews
        ['My mom wanted to go back to this place after not having been in years. I had the small Caldo de Pollo which had a great broth, a large piece of chicken breast meat, and braised cabbage, carrots and some corn. It came with a side of rice that was also good. I ordered two of their hand made tortillas (one corn and one flour - these are some of the best tortillas I’ve had in a long time) and made a taco out of the rice, and their delicious red salsa served right their tortilla chips.', "One of our favorite lunch spots when we're in the area. They're consistently good. Staff is very friendly and always provide prompt service. The lunch menu is a great value and our food always tastes delicious.", "Me and my husband are regulars at Casa G's  on William Canon. The staff are great and always welcoming.  I celebrated my birthday there this past Friday. When we arrived Jose greeted us as we walked through the door and was able to quickly find seating for our group of 9. The food was great as always and the Mexican martinis and house margaritas were on point! Fridays are great for any event as they have Mariachis in the evening. It was a great time and I will of course be back!", "Went here for lunch and the beef fajitas are good af. I'm definitely coming back.", 'Food is always great! Granted we all have our own taste. Personally everything I have tried so far has been good!', 'AMAZING FOOD! My new go to for Mexican restaurants in the area! The servers are so friendly and it’s a great environment with amazing music. The table cloths are my favorite. Such a cute and delicious place.', "This place doesn't look very pretty from the outside, but the food was great! They had wonderful homemade corn tortillas.  I ordered a large chicken quesadilla which was huge and delicious.  The service was great and prices were even better.", 'Our favorite spot for Mexican dish. Great service. Recommend Montery Chicken, Veggie Omelette.\nGreat service.\n\nThe guy who was attending us is always careful to maintain or dietary restriction. 💯', "I had the fajita plate and it was amazing. Often based my reviews of a Mexican restaurant initially by the quality of their salsa. There's salsa is actually pretty amazing for a Tex-Mex. The food quality lived up to my expectations"]

        ## Highest rating Reviews
        ['Tried this place for the first time the other day and it was not good at all. The shrimp enchiladas were so nasty and it was just spoonful of cheese… the service was slow, no refills and just overall not a pleasant experience.', 'Nothing major,\nJust thought that the sizing on the menudo to-go cups were a little ridiculous for its outrageous prices. This picture I took shows how the larger menudo I ordered along side with the two small ones, were practically the same size in OZ’s. Just a skinny 10oz upright cup to give you the illusion that it’s more. I paid close to $50 for this. Taste was amazing tho. Picture probably won’t do justice, just order the same and see😂', "I visited this place when it first opened many years ago and had a terrible experience. While we ate dinner, we observed cockroaches on the dining room floor.\n\nThat was years ago, and I figured it had to have improved. I visited yesterday (1/18/25) and was completely floored by everything.\n\nFirst, I'm absolutely positive my waitress had been drinking. When she approached, I noticed her eyes were glassy and unfocused. While she was taking on our order, she unconsciously leaned on me. Also, she had to ask many times what we were ordering. While this didn't impact service, it did make me uncomfortable.\n\nI can only assume the kitchen staff had been drinking as well because the ground hamburger in my hard taco was very undercooked. There were literally raw pieces of hamburger showing after I took my first bite.\n\nAbsolutely disgusting.", "So today me and my family and I are 2 adults  and 3 kids . Went to go have a good brunch you know so we got 2 bacon and eggs taco kids quesadilla 2 meundo and a plate that was only $15.99 and 3 teas and a coffee and I milk iam looking at the Receipt.and they automatically added $18.40 to the receipt I was wounding why it was so much.  I asked why did they add that she said because when there's alot of people we do that I oh even tho it's 3 kids and 2 adults she said yes . I told oh I thought that was for 6 or more people she said no who do to all groups. Well my thing is I give tips based on how well they service me . They lady didn't come and fill up our drinks or ask how was everything . But yet the still expected me to give a tip for not doing her job . If you are a good waiter then you will get a good tip but don't take that from me automatically.", '🚨🚨UPDATE: This establishment changed the tip on my credit card receipt!\n\nThis is FRAUD! I will be pursuing legal action against this establishment.🚨🚨\n\nBuyers beware!!\n\n(My original review was a 5 star) I ordered the chorizo and potato, breakfast tacos and the deal of three 2 topping tacos for only $4.50 is unbeatable and the food was delicious and the food came out fresh and quickly as well as friendly bilingual service. I am glad I stumbled upon this place!', 'We order two seafood plates, shrimp a la plancha and tilapia plate. The food was so bland that the only thing you could taste is the rice. The plate comes with lettuce, tomato and no flavor for fish or shrimp, at least some salt please!! Although they tried covering the blandness with onion and bell pepper, it just wasn’t a good mix at all. $18.99/plate is not worth it at all. I wouldn’t recommend to anyone, I’d actually tell people not to go because it’s a waste of time and money.\n\nService was sub-par, although they were nice.', "I tipped $1.00 and she changed it to $11.00 because my bank charged me $11.00 for the tip I put instead of $1.00. Or they put it into the machine wrong but there's a 99% chance that they knew what they were doing when they typed in $11.00 as my tip instead of $1.00. I wrote $1.00 on the receipt and she either put an extra 1 when I wasn't looking or when I left to make it look like $11.00 or they charged me an extra $10.00 and tried to make it look like an accident. I talked with the manager about this and I was credited $10.00 which I can use at their restaurant but I was only able to use $7.00 of it becuse the cashier didn't believe that I had $10.00 credit. The waitresses are disrespectful and the food isn't very good.", 'I ordered a chicken burrito and the meat felt like leftovers. It didn’t taste like actual chicken. Will not come back and don’t recommend, in the same street a couple of meters away there is a much better Mexican.', "Decided to order breakfast there again. I had ordered in the past and I figured maybe it was that cook that day but no my surprise their food sucked literally sucked. You don't get what you ordered and for the price I paid I felt like I was robbed my suggestion to those that eat there. Beware, their food is not great at all. The preparation of the tacos. It's like to just throw together then they pack them together not separately. So whenever I get an order to the house they're all thrown together. You know people that order tacos want the tacos apart. They seem to not take that into consideration. I'll never order from there again or suggest anyone eat there."]
        